Ahahaha
Hahahaha
Hahaha, okay, okay.
This is ridiculous.
Ah, not bad, not bad.
This visual impact
I'm so fascinated by these ancient boys
Good good hahaha good
OK
Ladies and Gentlemen
The girls who participated in the competition have all performed
Next is our voting time
Boys
Which of our girls do you like?
Just buy this popularity ticket for him
Vote for his popularity.
Just a tael of silver.
I vote for the girl of Hongshan
Hongshan girl is the most beautiful
I buy 30 popularity tickets
I bah, it is obviously the most beautiful dance of the girl Qiuhua
I'll take 100.
How is 100 enough?
I give 200
Okay, okay, great.
This is great.
Yuan elf
Where the hell are you?
Why are you gone?
I just realized that I like you
prince
It turned out to be a crime against this king
What clues does the prince have about the princess?
What clue?
Princess
He may have been sold to a brothel